 The first thing I noticed was the smell. It was a mix of sweat and something else, something I couldn't quite place. It was a smell that I knew, but couldn't remember from where. I opened my eyes and looked around.


input: I was in a room, a very small room. I could see the walls and ceiling, but there was no door. I was lying on a bed, but it wasn't a normal bed. It was made of metal, and it was bolted


to the floor. I tried to move, but I couldn't. I was strapped down to the bed. My arms and legs were strapped down, and my head was strapped down too. I couldn't move at all. I tried to scream, but I couldn't do that either. My mouth was covered with a piece of tape.I started to panic, and tried to get free, but it was no use. I was completely helpless. And then the door opened, and a man walked in."Hello," he said, "I'm Dr. Smith." He walked over to me and looked at me for a while. Then he said, "You're awake now." He smiled at me, but it wasn't a nice smile. It was a mean smile."Who are you? Where am I?" I asked him."My name is Dr. Smith," he said again, "and you're in my lab.""What's going on? Why am I here?""You're


input: here because I want you here," he said, "and you're going to stay here. Forever."I was really scared now. "Why?" I asked him."Because I can," he said, "and because I like it.""What are


you going to do to me?" I asked him."I'm going to do whatever I want to you," he said, "and you're not going to be able to stop me.""Why are you doing this?" I asked him."Because I can," he said again, "and because I like it.""Please let me go," I begged him."No," he said, "you're going to stay here with me forever. You're never going to leave. You're never going to see your family again. You're never going to see your friends again. You're never going to see the sun again. You're never going to see the sky again. You're never going to see anything again. You're never going to leave this room. You're never going to leave this bed."He walked over and stood next to my bed for a while, just looking at me. Then he said, "You know what? I'm not even sure if you have a family or


